docs: Separate monolithic API examples page, and add getting started with the Langflow API (#8658)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/API-Reference/api-reference-api-examples.md

---
title: Get started with the Langflow API
slug: /api-reference-api-examples
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> You can use the Langflow API for programmatic interaction with Langflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Langflow API for programmatic interactions with Langflow, such as the following:
```
